“Scram!” shouted the stall managers, flailing their arms around in front the small dog. It whimpered 
softly, and ran away, its tummy growling, and his ears down by the side of its head. As soon as he 
turned the corner, the dog pulled out a piece of juicy meat from behind him. Success! He thought, biting
into the middle, savouring the taste. He heard a scurry of footsteps behind him, and the dog gave a low 
growl. A voice rung in his ears as the person spoke. “Jack, come here boy!” smiled Lucy, waving a sausage
in the air, frantically. Jack ran happily ran over to his friend and gulped down the meaty snack. “I do
wish I could keep you, boy” sighed Lucy, her smile turning into a frown. Jack was a stray, and even 
through Lucy pleaded her parents to keep him, they just kept on refusing. Jack licked her cheek with 
his wet tongue, which made Lucy laugh, and she began to smile. “You always make me feel better” remarked
the girl, handing him another sausage, which Jack gulped down happily, finishing with a thankful growl.
“I’d better be off to school then....” sighed the girl, giving him one last pat on the head, and then
starting the long, hot walk to school.

As Lucy walked heavily down the street to school, her breath got caught up in her dry throat, and her 
mumbles came out as raspy sighs. She was sweating from the hot, humid air, and her sight became blurry
and dull, the more she walked further. She started to stumble out onto the busy road to her right, and
her feet got caught up with the side of the pavement and she tumbled out onto the road, grazing her knees.
Jack followed her scent, as he wanted to follow her to get more sausages, and he ran down the street, his 
tongue hanging out of his mouth. Lucy’s vision darkened, and a van was rolling towards her from a mile away.
Jack turned the corner, and saw poor Lucy lying on the road, struggling to get up. The van tumbled closer 
to her, unaware that she was there. The dog ran manically onto the road, determined to get her to safety.

Lucy gasped, as she spotted the van ascending closer and closer towards her. Jack quickly ran onto the road
and started tugging frantically at the arm of her jumper. “Jack.....” Lucy smiled, letting him tug her 
onto the pavement. The van missed her shoes by millimetres, Lucy could breathe a sigh of relief, as she 
weakly stroked Jack’s fur, a big grin on her face.

They walked slowly back home, Lucy's dusty hand on Jack's soft fur. The girl was still in complete shock, 
and her fingers shook dreadfully as she patted her friend's hair thoughtfully. The only thing she could 
think about was how her parents would react to her being saved by the dog that they thought was a mangy 
beast. She played a speech in her head, but shook the thoughts out. While she was wondering about what she 
was going the say to her mum and dad, they arrived at their house, and Lucy's parents were staring at the 
girl in disbelief. "What happened?....." gasped her mum, looking at her and staring at her dad in shock.

"H-e sav-ed me" she managed to croak out. Then she had another idea. It was worth a try...

"Could I keep him?" asked Lucy, her voice shaking in the progress. Immediately, her mum and dad walked over
to the other side of the room, and started whispering, checking back on the surprised girl every few 
moments, and then whispering one more. They came over. Lucy could not read the blank expressions on their
faces, and didn't know the result of their talking. "Darling, we know you have wanted this dog for ages" 
he started. "And we have come to a conclusion of whether or not you can keep him. We have decided that
you can keep him, on one condition" Lucy nodded impatiently. "That you clean him up and he sleeps
outside." The girl ran over and wrapped her arms around their backs. They melted into the hug, as if 
they had never seen this part of their daughter before, and they smiled happily, a family once more. 
Jack yapped loudly, ran over to the family, and nuzzled his head into their legs. "He is now part of 
the family" whispered Lucy's dad.

A happy ending

“Scram!” shouted the stall managers, flailing their arms around in front the small dog. It whimpered 
softly, and ran away, its tummy growling, and his ears down by the side of its head. As soon as he turned
the corner, the dog pulled out a piece of juicy meat from behind him. Success! He thought, biting into the
middle, savouring the taste. He heard a scurry of footsteps behind him, and the dog gave a low growl. 
voice rung in his ears as the person spoke. “Jack, come here boy!” smiled Lucy, waving a sausage in the
air, frantically. Jack ran happily ran over to his friend and gulped down the meaty snack. "You are a 
good addition to the family, Jack" Lucy grinned, looking happily at her parents.

"He is darling" replied her parents, kneeling down to give the dog a pat. Jack leapt up at the girl, 
putting his light paws on her legs. He licked her cheek, and looked lovingly into her eyes. "We have got 
a surprise for you Jack!" shouted Lucy smiling. She pulled a shiny collar from behind her, and put it on 
Jack, who was looking at his owner with happiness. "You are now an official part of our family, Jack!" 
squealed Lucy, wrapping her arms around the dog's neck. As they walked back home, Lucy thought of all the 
good things that had happened to her over the past few weeks. Getting saved, having a new dog, she could 
go on!

As Jack and his owner were sitting on the sofa at home, Lucy whispered into his soft ear. "Welcome to the
family, Jack"